DOCS-1778: Add instructions for odometry support for SLAM (#2566)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/mobility/slam/cartographer/_index.md

{{% alert title="Info" color="info" %}}

> Cartographer supports taking 2D LiDAR or 3D LiDAR data, and optionally, inertial measurement unit (IMU) and/or odometry data, as input.

Reviewer: Nit: X supports taking Y or Z, and optionally A or B data, as input.

```suggestion
Cartographer supports taking 2D LiDAR or 3D LiDAR data, and optionally inertial measurement unit (IMU) and/or odometry data, as input.
```

  {{< /alert >}}

#### Movement sensors (optional)

> You can use data from one or more movement sensors on your to supplement the required LiDAR data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use data from one or more movement sensors on your machine to supplement the required LiDAR data.
```

> If you choose to use movement sensor data for SLAM, you have three options:

Reviewer: Nit: since all bullets begin with `Add`, we can make this whole section read as a sentence.

```suggestion
If you choose to use movement sensor data for SLAM, you can:
```

If instead you want to keep `you have three options:`, I'd recommend changing bullet points to:

> You can add only inertial ...
> You can add only odometry ...
> etc

Author: Okay I will apply but curious--is it best practice to make it read as a sentence? I sometimes prefer not to in part because it makes capitalization feel odd

Reviewer: I'd be fine with either approach! I just feel that present `three options:` with items intro'd as `Add only` needs more fleshed-out form, like: `You can add only`. Starting options with `Add only` took me a few reads to understand who would be adding and where.

The "make it read as a sentence" approach I suggested was to avoid having to repeat `- You can` three times.

Definitely small, and you can certainly leave it as if if you like its current form! 👍

- Add only inertial measurement unit (IMU) data
  - Requires a movement sensor that supports [`AngularVelocity`](/mobility/navigation/#angular-velocity) and [`LinearAcceleration`](/mobility/navigation/#linear-acceleration) readings
- Add only odometry data
  - Requires a movement sensor that collects [`Position`](/mobility/navigation/#position) and [`Orientation`](/mobility/navigation/#orientation) data (for example, [`wheeled-odometry`](/components/movement-sensor/wheeled-odometry/))
- Add both IMU _and_ odometry data
  - Requires all four of the above kinds of data, merged together using the [`merged` movement sensor model](/components/movement-sensor/merged/)

>   - If you choose this option, in later steps be sure to configure data capture on the `merged` sensor and not on the individual movement sensors.

Reviewer: Nit: Clarity: complete instruction first, before indicating where to use it.

```suggestion
  - If you choose this option, be sure to configure data capture on the `merged` sensor and not on the individual movement sensors when following the steps below.
```

   Choose `Data Management` as the type and specify a name for your data management service, for example `Data-Management-Service`.
   Click **Create**.

   On the panel that appears, you can manage the capturing and syncing functions.
   You can also specify the **directory**, the sync **interval**, and any **tags** to apply to captured data.
   See the [data management service](/data/) for more information.

2. Enable data capture for your camera, and for your movement sensor if you would like to use IMU data, odometry data, or both:

   Find the component's card on your machine's **Config** tab.
   Click `Add Method`, then specify the method type and the capture frequency.

   - For the required LiDAR camera, choose the `NextPointCloud` method.
     Set the capture frequency.
     `5` hertz is a good starting place for most applications.

     {{<imgproc src="/mobility/slam/rplidar-capture.png" resize="x1100" declaredimensions=true alt="An R P lidar camera configured in the Viam app config builder with next point cloud configured for capture at 5 hertz." >}}

   - To capture data from one or more movement sensors:

> {{< tabs name="Movement sensor options" >}}

Reviewer: This section renders fully left-aligned, rather than as substeps under `2` --> `To capture data from one or more movement sensors:` Looks like if the tabset (IMU, ODO, BOTH) and the tip (Note that data capture ...) would need to be bumped rightward.

Everything else here looks good!

Reviewer 2: Try my suggestion - I assume you may have indented the content as well as the shortcode rather than just the shortcode

Author: Per offline debugging attempts and convo, it may not be possible to get this to indent in the way we want to. I don't know that we have any examples in our docs of indented tabs that are within lists within outer tabs. Leaving as-is.

> {{< tabs name="Movement sensor options" >}}
> {{% tab name="IMU only" %}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   {{< tabs name="Movement sensor options" >}}
   {{% tab name="IMU only" %}}
```

Author: Leaving as-is per offline convo

   2. Click **Create service** in the lower-left corner of the page.
      Choose `Data Management` as the type and specify a name for your data management service, for example `Data-Management-Service`.
   3. Click **Create**.
   4. On the panel that appears, you can manage the capturing and syncing functions.

>       You can also specify the **directory**, the sync **interval**, and any **tags** to apply to captured data. See the [data management service](/data/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You can also specify the **directory**, the sync **interval**, and any **tags** to apply to captured data.
      See the [data management service](/data/) for more information.
```

>    Enable data capture for your camera, and for your movement sensor if you would like to use IMU and/or odometry input:

Reviewer: This line renders outside of the stepwise procedural, but seems to be intended to introduce step 5 as a separate, per movement-sensor situation, scenario. Similar with the sentence before step 7.

I think you are introducing sections of steps outside of the steps, but keeping a continual growth of steps numbers through the whole process. I find that confusing, but I can start to see the intent if I consider. But what do you think of something like:

>Add the data management service:
>1. Steps
>2. More Steps.
>5. Enable data capture for your camera, and for your movement sensor if you would like to use IMU and/or odometry input:
>    - Find the card
>    - Click the button
>      - For Lidar
>      - For movement sensor
>         (tabset)
>
>Then, set up the `cartographer` module on your machine:
>
>1. Navigate to the Config tab ...
>2. Click the Services subtab ...

Nit: I think we try to avoid `and/or`. I'm fine with it, but if we want an alternative, maybe:

```suggestion
   Enable data capture for your camera, and for your movement sensor if you would like to use IMU input, odometry input, or both:
```

Author: Yes, it is a bit odd but I was trying not to refactor the whole thing and rather to just add the needed info. Coming up with a new format--lmk what you think of the next commit!

Author: And yes, applying the "or both" bit instead of and/or

   - **Camera**: Select the `name` of the camera component that you created when you [added the `rplidar` module to your machine](https://github.com/viamrobotics/rplidar).
     Example: "my-rplidar"
   - **Movement Sensor (Optional)**: Select the `name` of the movement sensor component that you want to use for SLAM.

>      If you are using both an IMU _and_ an odometer, select the `name` of the `merged` movement sensor, _not_ either of the individual movement sensors.

Reviewer: Nit: clarity

```suggestion
     If you are using both an IMU _and_ an odometer, select the `name` of the `merged` movement sensor, _not_ the `name` of either of the individual movement sensors.
```

Excellent callout though!
